Claude.md (#2938)
ReactionMechanismGenerator/RMG-Py: CLAUDE.md

## Conventions

- **Python API uses `snake_case`**.
- **Input file DSL keeps `camelCase`** (`thermoLibraries`, `simpleReactor`, `terminationConversion`, ...) for backward compatibility. When adding a new input keyword, follow camelCase and update [documentation/source/users/rmg/input.rst](documentation/source/users/rmg/input.rst).
- All source files require the MIT license header (template lives in [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt); `python utilities.py update-headers` re-applies it across `.py`/`.pyx`/`.pxd` in `rmgpy/`, `scripts/`, and the root).
- Use `logging` not `print`.
- Don't reach for `__init__.py`-as-namespace imports across cython modules; use `cimport rmgpy.constants as constants` etc.

## Documentation

Sphinx docs in `documentation/source/`. Build with `make documentation` (calls `make -C documentation html`). Output: `documentation/build/html/index.html`. Built with the standard `rmg_env` (no separate doc env).

When changing things, also update:

> - **Input file syntax / new options** → [documentation/source/users/rmg/input.rst](documentation/source/users/rmg/input.rst) (this is treated as required by reviewers).
> - **New public API** → ensure docstrings exist; add module to a toctree under `documentation/source/reference/` if the module is new. API docs are auto-generated via `sphinx.ext.autodoc`.
> - **New user-facing feature** → mention in `documentation/source/users/rmg/features.rst` or a sibling `.rst`.
> - **Behavior change** → relevant section of the user guide (`users/rmg/` or `users/arkane/`).
> 
> The `gh-pages` branch hosts the live site; CI publishes on push to `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change** → relevant section of the user guide (`users/rmg/` or `users/arkane/`).

You should keep this documentation (CLAUDE.md) up to date as needed.
Always break changes to this file into a separate commit for clarity, and explain in detail to the user why changes were necessary.

The `gh-pages` branch hosts the live site; CI publishes on push to `main`.
```
